Allowing sparse inputs for prediction in AffinityPropagation (#20117)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

- |Efficiency| :class:`cluster.MiniBatchKMeans` is now faster in multicore
  settings. :pr:`17622` by :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`.

> - |Enhancement| :class:`cluster.AffinityPropagation` now supports sparse
>   data type as well for input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| The `predict` and `fit_predict` methods of
  :class:`cluster.AffinityPropagation` now accept sparse data type for input
  data.
```

  mini batches processed. :pr:`17622`
  by :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`.

- |Enhancement| :class:`cluster.AffinityPropagation` now supports sparse
  data type as well for input data.
  :pr:`20117` by :user:`Venkatachalam Natchiappan <venkyyuvy>`

> 

Reviewer 2: Please put this between the `|Efficiency|` and `|Fix|` entries
